
生词和短语：
prison
museum
medieval
religion
king
stuff
the Middle Ages
boring day
a day trip 一日游
go and watch sport 去看体育比赛
On Friday 
parachuting
bungee jumping
roller coasters
theme parks
on holiday 度假
on a day trip 一日游
that kind of stuff  那种东西
it tends to be 它往往是
Not anymore 不再是了
to be honest 老实说
beach
the rest of Europe 欧洲其他地区
accommodation
You wouldn't need to pay for your accommodation.
Exactly 没错
come back down 下来



高频/常用的句子（做到脱口而出）：
Very nice. Let's get started then.
I wouldn't recommend it too much
What about a day trip that you've enjoyed? 你喜欢过的一日游怎么样？
I'm on my own.  我自己一个人。
That sounds like a good day out. 听起来是个不错的一天出游。
Sounds a bit crazy 听起来有点疯狂
Did you do any sightseeing?
I'm quite tired, actually.
are you a thrill seeker?
I would say no, not really 我会说不，并不完全是
if I'm on holiday, I'm a bit more adventurous. 如果我在度假，我会更有冒险精神一些。
if I'm abroad it tends to be 如果我在国外，那通常是
that sort of thing 那种事情
they scare me and make me feel a bit sick.  它们让我害怕，还让我有点难受。
I wouldn't go to a theme park for a day out 我不会为了出去玩一天去主题公园
I can't remember it at all 我根本记不起来
I want to have an ice cream 我想吃冰淇淋
You can take me on a day trip and show me around. 你可以带我去一日游，带我四处看看。
I definitely think you should visit. 我绝对认为你应该去看看。
I really like train travel 我真的很喜欢坐火车旅行
We'd love to hear from you. 我们非常期待收到你的来信。
Thanks for joining us and see you soon. 感谢您的加入，我们很快再见。



包含固定搭配/稍微复杂的句子：
I feel like it could have been a bit more exciting, but instead I was reading a lot about religion and kings and stuff.
we are talking about days out and places that are good to visit for a day trip.
so you spent your weekend learning about prisoners from the Middle Ages?
But they don't really want to hang around with me anymore. 
I spent most of the day watching a cricket match.
I've done things like, you know, been in speedboats and that kind of stuff, which I
find quite enjoyable.
So is there anywhere that you have always wanted to visit for a day trip,
but you haven't? / There is actually.

used to
I used to live in Brighton. 我以前住在布赖顿。
I used to go on lots of day trips with my kids. 我以前经常带孩子们去一日游。
I used to like theme parks when I was younger, but I don't really like them anymore.
我小时候喜欢主题公园，但现在不太喜欢了。

take part in 参加
risky and exciting activities 冒险且刺激的活动
We heard thrill seeker, which describes someone who takes part in risky and exciting activities.
A person can be adventurous 一个人可以很有冒险精神
A person can be adventurous or an experience or a day trip can be adventurous, like Neil's trip to Paris.
一个人可以很有冒险精神，或者一次经历或一日游也可以很冒险，就像尼尔的巴黎之行一样。

we'll be back with more easy conversations soon.
我们很快会带来更多轻松的对话。


